c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ClaudeVSExtension.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ClaudeVSExtension.pdb
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\envdte.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\envdte100.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\envdte80.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\envdte90.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\envdte90a.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\MessagePack.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\MessagePack.Annotations.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.Build.Framework.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.Build.Framework.pdb
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Client.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Framework.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\cs\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Framework.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Framework.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Framework.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Framework.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Framework.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Framework.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Framework.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pl\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Framework.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pt-BR\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Framework.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Framework.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\tr\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Framework.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Framework.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Framework.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\cs\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pl\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pt-BR\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\tr\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.ServiceHub.Resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CommandBars.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.ComponentModelHost.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CoreUtility.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Debugger.Interop.10.0.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Debugger.Interop.11.0.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Debugger.Interop.12.0.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Debugger.Interop.14.0.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Debugger.Interop.15.0.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Debugger.Interop.16.0.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Debugger.InteropA.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Designer.Interfaces.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Editor.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.GraphModel.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.ImageCatalog.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\en\Microsoft.VisualStudio.ImageCatalog.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Imaging.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\en\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Imaging.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Imaging.Interop.14.0.DesignTime.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Interop.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Language.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Language.Intellisense.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Language.NavigateTo.Interfaces.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Language.StandardClassification.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.LanguageServer.Client.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.LanguageServer.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.LanguageServer.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.LanguageServer.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.LanguageServer.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.LanguageServer.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.LanguageServer.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.LanguageServer.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.LanguageServer.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.LanguageServer.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.LanguageServer.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.LanguageServer.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.LanguageServer.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.LanguageServer.Client.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.OLE.Interop.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Package.LanguageService.15.0.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.ProjectAggregator.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.RemoteControl.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.RpcContracts.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Setup.Configuration.Interop.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.15.0.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Design.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Framework.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Interop.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Interop.10.0.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Interop.11.0.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Interop.12.0.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Interop.8.0.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Shell.Interop.9.0.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TaskRunnerExplorer.14.0.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Telemetry.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.Data.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.Logic.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.UI.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Text.UI.Wpf.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TextManager.Interop.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TextManager.Interop.10.0.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TextManager.Interop.11.0.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TextManager.Interop.12.0.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TextManager.Interop.8.0.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TextManager.Interop.9.0.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TextTemplating.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TextTemplating.Interfaces.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TextTemplating.Interfaces.10.0.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TextTemplating.Interfaces.11.0.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TextTemplating.VSHost.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Threading.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Utilities.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Utilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Utilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\en\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Utilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Utilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Utilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Utilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Utilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Utilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Utilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pt\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Utilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Utilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Utilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Utilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Utilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Utilities.Internal.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Validation.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.VCProjectEngine.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.VSHelp.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.VSHelp80.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.WCFReference.Interop.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.BrowserLink.12.0.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.Win32.Registry.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Nerdbank.Streams.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Nerdbank.Streams.pdb
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\stdole.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\StreamJsonRpc.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\cs\StreamJsonRpc.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\de\StreamJsonRpc.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\es\StreamJsonRpc.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\fr\StreamJsonRpc.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\it\StreamJsonRpc.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ja\StreamJsonRpc.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ko\StreamJsonRpc.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pl\StreamJsonRpc.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pt-BR\StreamJsonRpc.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ru\StreamJsonRpc.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\tr\StreamJsonRpc.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hans\StreamJsonRpc.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hant\StreamJsonRpc.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\System.Buffers.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\System.IO.Pipelines.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\System.Memory.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\System.Security.AccessControl.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\System.Security.Principal.Windows.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\System.Threading.AccessControl.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\System.Threading.Tasks.Dataflow.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\VSLangProj.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\VSLangProj100.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\VSLangProj110.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\VSLangProj140.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\VSLangProj150.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\VSLangProj157.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\VSLangProj158.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\VSLangProj165.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\VSLangProj2.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\VSLangProj80.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\VSLangProj90.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\obj\Release\ClaudeVSExtension.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\obj\Release\_EmptyResource.resources
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\obj\Release\ClaudeVSExtension.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\obj\Release\ClaudeVSExtension.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\obj\Release\ClaudeVSExtension.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\obj\Release\ClaudeVS.CFD0707E.Up2Date
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\obj\Release\ClaudeVSExtension.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\obj\Release\ClaudeVSExtension.pdb
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.Win32.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\System.IO.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\System.Net.WebSockets.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\System.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\System.Security.Cryptography.Algorithms.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\System.Security.Cryptography.Encoding.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\System.Security.Cryptography.Primitives.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\System.Security.Cryptography.X509Certificates.dll
C:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Resources\ClaudeChatWindowCommand.png
C:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\obj\Release\ClaudeVSExtension.cto
C:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\obj\Release\VSCT.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\obj\Release\VSCT.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\obj\Release\resources.json
C:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\obj\Release\ctoFiles.json
C:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\obj\Release\_EmptyResource.resources.original
C:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\obj\Release\mergeCto.cache
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Humanizer.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.AnalyzerUtilities.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.pdb
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.pdb
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.pdb
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.EditorFeatures.Text.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.EditorFeatures.Text.pdb
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.EditorFeatures.Text.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.EditorFeatures.Text.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.EditorFeatures.Text.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.EditorFeatures.Text.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.EditorFeatures.Text.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.EditorFeatures.Text.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.EditorFeatures.Text.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.EditorFeatures.Text.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.EditorFeatures.Text.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.EditorFeatures.Text.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.EditorFeatures.Text.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.EditorFeatures.Text.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.EditorFeatures.Text.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.pdb
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Features.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.pdb
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.pdb
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.pdb
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.TestPlatform.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Composition.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Composition.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Composition.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Composition.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Composition.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Composition.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Composition.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Composition.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Composition.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Composition.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Composition.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Composition.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Composition.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Composition.resources.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Composition.NetFxAttributes.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.LanguageServices.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TemplateWizardInterface.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\NuGet.VisualStudio.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\System.Composition.Convention.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\System.Composition.Hosting.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\System.Composition.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\System.Reflection.TypeExtensions.dll
c:\Users\francis.chemorion\Desktop\mwisho kabisa\CascadeProjects\personal-website\bin\Release\System.Text.Encoding.CodePages.dll
